# Known Issues for V2.0:* Reset logic can be flakey, not always returing PC to 0x0000	* PIO can not be reset without manually shorting M1 pin to ground.	* May be related to chip(s) used for testing.  Lower cost Z80s seem to be more likely to have this issue.* Voltage regulator footprint is designed for TO-220FP, not an issue per say but LF33 is easier to find in non-FP package	* Manually grounding the back of the regulator with a bodge wire seems to work but its an ugly fix.* Interrupt logic for peripheral chips is open drain, schematic and glue logic does not reflect this	* To enable interrupts the CTC & PIO /INT lines must be shorted together, pulled high through a resistor, and wired to Z80 /INT.* RAM Banking is wired incorrectly and lacks appropriate logic	* Manually wiring the top 4 lines of the RAM chip and an unused OR gate could allow for a simple banking system but this is not recommended.* Propeller Chip can only be reset via Prop Plug	* Directly wiring Prop Reset pin to 5V reset logic could fix this but it may cause contention with Prop Plug which operates at 3.3V.	* When programming serial EEPROM, switch the board off to force the Prop to reset after validation is finished.* Propeller Chip can not be (directly) programmed from SimpleIDE	* SimpleIDE uses a command line utility to program that relies on config files for specific versions of Parallax devices.  Using it to program custom circuits doesn't seem to work without a custom config file (for which there is little documentation).	* To program Prop, compile code in SimpleIDE (or command line), and use this the `propeller-load` util from command line to write to the chip as opposed to the `proploader.exe` which SimpleIDE calls.  For whatever reason, the default config for `propeller-load` is compatible with the Propeller on the Tom80.	* Propeller Tool does not seem to have this issue but PT only supports SPIN afaik.